Added documentation for DAB MCP and AI Foundry integration setup. (#2971)
Azure/data-api-builder: docs/Testing/ai-foundry-integration.md

> # Deploying Data API Builder (DAB) MCP Server and Integrating with Azure AI Foundry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploying SQL MCP Server implemented in Data API builder and Integrating with Azure AI Foundry
```

**Flow**
1. DAB starts in ACI → reads `dab-config.json` from the mounted Azure Files share.  
2. DAB exposes `/api` (REST), `/graphql` (GraphQL), and `/mcp` (MCP).  
3. Azure AI Foundry Agent invokes MCP tools to read/update data via DAB’s surface (entities and stored procedures).

## 2. Prerequisites
- Azure Subscription with permissions for Resource Groups, Storage, ACI, and Azure SQL.
- Azure SQL Database provisioned and reachable from ACI.
- Azure CLI (`az`) and .NET SDK installed locally.
- DAB CLI version **1.7.81 or later**.
- Outbound network access from ACI to your Azure SQL server.

## 3. Prepare the Database
Create tables and stored procedures:
- Tables
- Stored Procedures

## 4. Install DAB CLI and Bootstrap Configuration
```
dotnet tool install --global Microsoft.DataApiBuilder --version 1.7.81
export DATABASE_CONNECTION_STRING="Server=<server>.database.windows.net;Database=<db>;User ID=<user>;Password=<pwd>;Encrypt=True;"

dab init \
  --database-type "mssql" \
  --connection-string "@env('DATABASE_CONNECTION_STRING')" \
  --host-mode "Development" \
  --rest.enabled true \
  --graphql.enabled true \
  --mcp.enabled true \
  --mcp.path "/mcp" 
 
```
  

> ## 5. Add entities and stored procedure to `dab-config.json` and enable MCP tools in the config.

Reviewer: stored procedure is also a type of `entity`.  So, say Add all required entities (tables and stored procedures) to dab-config.json

## 6. Store dab-config.json in Azure Files

> - Create a Storage Account and File Share.

Reviewer 2: What is a Storage Account and a File Share? Are these resources in Azure? Is there any specific way in which they need to be set up?

- Upload dab-config.json.
- Record account name and key for mounting in ACI.

## 7. Deploy DAB to Azure Container Instances

```
az container create \
  --resource-group <RG> \
  --name dab-mcp-demo \
  --image mcr.microsoft.com/azure-databases/data-api-builder:1.7.81-rc \
  --dns-name-label <globally-unique-label> \
  --ports 5000 \
  --location <location> \
  --environment-variables DAB_CONFIG_PATH="/aci/dab-config.json" \
  --azure-file-volume-share-name <FileShareName> \
  --azure-file-volume-account-name <StorageAccountName> \
  --azure-file-volume-account-key <StorageAccountKey> \
  --azure-file-volume-mount-path "/aci"
  --os-type Linux \

>   --cpu 1 \

Reviewer 2: Some of the variables are easy to know where to get. But I am not sure if that is the case for all of them. I think this ties to my previous comment of showing the user how are the resources supposed to be set up.
